**Reconciling Conflict between Knowledge Creation and Knowledge
Utilization at Entrepreneurial Universities: A Pasteurian Orientation
Perspective**

**Abstract**

This paper develops the concept of the Pasteurian orientation (PO) as the best approach
to understanding reforms by university departments of their organizational strategies
and structures to foster both knowledge creation and knowledge
utilization in the new era of the entrepreneurial
university. We put forward a model and four
major hypotheses that posit PO as a mediator between a department's organizational
antecedents and collective departmental efficacy. The paper reports a dataset of responses from 634
department administrators and non-administrative faculty members from 99
departments at six Taiwanese universities collected via a postal questionnaire
survey. Regression results indicate that organizational munificence
and organizational flexibility, as contextual antecedents, are
positively associated with a department's PO development, at the same time as knowledge
creation is a significant contributor to development of knowledge utilization.
PO development is also positively associated with departmental collective
efficacy, and balancing knowledge creation and knowledge utilization
by means of PO development has a positive mediating effect on the relationship
between contextual antecedents and this collective efficacy. The paper
concludes that developing the PO of university departments acts as a crucial
factor in facilitating their role in the transformation from traditional university
into entrepreneurial university. Policy and managerial implications are
also suggested.

**Keywords**: Entrepreneurial universities, Pasteurian orientation,
knowledge creation, knowledge utilization, collective efficacy

**1. Introduction**

The rise of entrepreneurial universities in the past few decades has
stimulated investigation by researchers studying the new economics of science
(Merton, 1968; Partha & David, 1994; Stokes, 1997), 
university-industry linkages (D'Este & Patel, 2007; Stankiewicz, 1986),
the triple helix model (Etzkowitz & Leydesdorff, 2000), and academic
entrepreneurship (Etzkowitz, 2003; Shane, 2004). They have elaborated how, with reforms in
science and technology policy, universities have gradually developed
multiple infrastructures with closer and more productive relationships
with industry in order to provide a more fundamental economic and social
contribution to society (Etzkowitz, 1998).

When universities are encouraged to develop entrepreneurial habits, they
still face severe problems balancing old and new missions,
choosing between knowledge creation and knowledge utilization, and finding traditional and new
sources of support (Clark, 2004; Van Looy et al., 2011). Although the
tensions impede the transformation of traditional universities into more
entrepreneurial ones, many universities have attempted to create favorable
contexts for these dual tracks by providing new
organizational changes, including in university leadership, climate, formal
incentives, technology transfer office support, and 
faculty engagement promotion (Klofsten et al., 2019; Perkmann et al., 2013).

Stokes (1997) proposed the use-inspired basic research or Pasteur's
quadrant research to encourage academia to develop a balancing work on
knowledge creation for exploring our understanding and knowledge
utilization for exploiting practical use. However, the Pasteur's
quadrant provides little insights into how organizational structures,
strategies, and processes to develop both knowledge creation and
knowledge utilization in universities simultaneously. On the
organizational development, prior research argued that an organization
could establish an ambidextrous structure to coordinate the dual
activities, such as exploration and exploitation (He & Wong, 2004;
Lavie, Stettner, & Tushman, 2010), research publication and research
commercialization (Chang, Yang, Martin, Chi, & Tsai-Lin, 2016) , or
alignment and adaptability (Gibson & Birkinshaw, 2004; Raisch &
Birkinshaw, 2008; Tushman & O\'Reilly, 1996). For the universities, they
could develop a *Pasteurian orientation (PO)* for balance between
knowledge creation and knowledge utilization to respond to the rise of
entrepreneurial universities, which is inspired by the concept of
Pasteur's quadrant and organizational ambidexterity. Moreover, the
universities with the new organizational practice for entrepreneurial
universities could facilitate collective actions by building the
efficacy belief to convince faculty members of the universities engaging
in (Aschhoff & Grimpe, 2014; Jain, George, & Maltarich, 2009).

As the focal unit of a university, university department plays an
influential role in not only a performing unit in knowledge creation and
knowledge utilization but also an illustrated organizational cognition
to reshape the behaviors in the group or the individual(Gustafsson &
Autio, 2011). Therefore, this study aims to explore the relations among
the university's context, the PO development, and collective efficacy at
university department level. This paper is organized as follows. After
the introduction, the theoretical framework between organizational
antecedents, PO construct, and collective efficacy is proposed. Thirdly,
the data, variables, and data analysis are illustrated. The descriptive
statistics, correlations, and regression models are shown. Finally, the
empirical research results compared to previous studies are discussed.
Conclusions and implications are presented.

**2. Theoretical Model**

**2.1 The rise and conflicts in creating entrepreneurial universities **

On the initiative of developing the entrepreneurial university, *the new
economics of science approach* argues that university research could not
only contribute to knowledge creation but also supports the development
of the knowledge application with economic benefits (Nelson, 2004;
Partha & David, 1994; Stokes, 1997). Moreover, *the triple-helix
approach* emphasizes that developing an entrepreneurial university could
promote effective interactions between academia, industry, and
government which forms a better regional and national innovation systems
to support industrial innovation (Etzkowitz, 2003; Shane, 2004). In
other words, the rise of entrepreneurial universities means that the
universities should transit to new organizational trajectories for
embracing the third mission, and coordinate the teaching, research, and
commercialize works that could meet the expectation for promoting social
and economic impacts (Chang et al., 2016; Clark, 1998; Etzkowitz, 2017).

However, in the developing entrepreneurial universities, it may induce
some tensions with the traditional goals and norms of science (Ambos,
Mäkelä, Birkinshaw, & D\'Este, 2008; Haas & Park, 2010; Jain et al.,
2009; Philpott, Dooley, O\'Reilly, & Lupton, 2011). The critical problem
is the inherent conflicts between traditional academic (e.g., talent
training, publishing academic results, and pursuing academic reputation)
and industrial or entrepreneurial paradigms (e.g., consulting, contract
research, patenting and licensing the research results, spin-off
formation, and pursuing economic and societal returns). From the
organizational development perspective, those two have different
organizational settings as the two ends of a spectrum of scientist's
work (Philpott et al., 2011; Sauermann & Stephan, 2013). Academic logics
tend to focus on basic and curiosity-oriented research (Ambos et al.,
2008). Industrial logics relatively undertake less risk and direct
commercial research. Second, they have different norms of knowledge
dissemination (Kalar & Antoncic, 2015). Academic logics tend to
encourage open disclosure and the contribution to scientific commons. On
the other hand, industrial logics seeks beneficial ownership and
privatization of intellectual property. These organizational conflicts
may impede universities from transforming towards more entrepreneurial
orientation, and many efforts can be found to encourage universities to
engage in research commercialization (Bercovitz & Feldman, 2008; Haas &
Park, 2010; Jain et al., 2009).

**2.2 Pasteurian orientation: Combining Pasteur's quadrant and
organizational ambidexterity**

In creating entrepreneurial universities, coordinating the conflicts in
an organizational setting between academic and industrial logics are
critical work. Stokes (1997) proposed the framework of Pasteur's
quadrant to transform the spectrum of the strategic direction of
scientific research into a quadrant model. Stokes (1997) folded the two
ends of the line model into two axes of the quadrant model. One is
knowledge creation, which means enhancing the understanding of the
knowledge frontier of human beings. Another one is knowledge
utilization, which means resolving specific technical or social problems
and realizing the market potential of innovation (Figure 1).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Figure 1 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Expressly, the upper-left cell referred to as *Bohr's quadrant* focuses
on basic research with little consideration of the practical
application. The lower-right cell, called *Edison's quadrant*,
concentrates on research directed towards technology development, which
seeks more efficient knowledge utilization. Moreover, for the lower-left
quadrant, Stokes (1997) cited Peterson's quadrant to indicate research
that contains neither the creation nor the use of knowledge. Finally,
Stokes (1997) proposed the concept of *Pasteur's quadrant*, which
focuses on the use-inspired basic research to encourage that academic
scientists search them both to explore the understanding of scientific
knowledge and to exploit the technologies for meeting practical needs.

From the underpin of organizational ambidexterity (Tushman and O'Reilly,
1996; Raisch and Birkinshaw, 2008), universities developing toward the
Pasteur's quadrant are expected to create ambidextrous structures and
contexts to pursue research excellence and research commercialization
simultaneously. By re-conceptualization of Pasteur's quadrant and
organizational ambidexterity, this paper argues Pasteurian Orientation
(PO) includes two sub-orientations: the knowledge creation orientation
(KCO) and the knowledge utilization orientation (KUO) which deploys the
two dimensions represent two major distinctive activities in
entrepreneurial universities. Moreover, the PO is equivalent to the
knowledge creation orientation multiplied by the knowledge creation
orientation and the knowledge utilization orientation, as shown in
Equation 1(Gibson & Birkinshaw, 2004). Correctly, the PO could be
regarded as *the organizational propensity to develop organizational
strategies, processes, and structures to achieve, simultaneously,
knowledge creation and knowledge utilization*.

PO= KCO\*KUO..............................Equation 1

Furthermore, each sub-orientation consists of *organizational support*
and *faculty engagement*. *Organizational support* is associated with
organizational resources, incentives, and supervisor and colleague's
consensus (Bercovitz & Feldman, 2008; Datta, Mukherjee, & Jessup, 2015)
to support knowledge creation and knowledge utilization. *Faculty
engagement* shows the faculty members' intention and capabilities
regarding time, awareness, experience, and research portfolio engaged in
their knowledge creation and knowledge utilization (Chang, Yang, & Chen,
2009; Jain et al., 2009). We can draw a figure to illustrate the
composition of the PO (Figure 2).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Figure 2 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**2.3 Contextual antecedents**

For creating entrepreneurial universities, university departments are
the meso-level unit between institutional contexts of the universities
and faculty members to perform the integration and engagement in
changing university paradigm (Ambos et al., 2008; Chang et al., 2016;
Gibb, Haskins, & Robertson, 2013; Jain et al., 2009). Jain et al. (2009)
argue that universities with appropriate environmental contexts would
encourage the internal actors to respond to the transformation of the
university paradigm (Perkmann et al., 2013). In organizational studies,
the organizations in higher environmental munificence are more
accessible to adopt new strategies and structure even stabilize the new
practices in a turbulent environment (Boyne & Meier, 2009; Keats & Hitt,
1988). The level of munificence refers as the availability of resource
and support in the environmental contexts which it could help the
organizations adopt new practices to sustain organizational growth and
changes (Dess & Beard, 1984; Goll & Rasheed, 2005; Haveman, 1993). For
creating entrepreneurial universities, Clark (2004) suggests that the
managerial group could provide a sustainable commitment to the new
university paradigm to encourage the internal actors to build an
integrated context to respond to the changes. O'Reilly and Tushman
(2008) point out that senior managers could adapt, integrate, and
reconfigure organizational skills and resources for orchestrating both
new and existing routines to matching changing environments. Glenna,
Welsh, Ervin, Lacy, and Biscotti (2011) recommends that university
administrators should provide sufficient commitment on various incentive
structures, funding sources, policies, and practices to invest in
diverse scientific research values. Gibb et al. (2013) consider that
university administrators could remove barriers and provide abundant
resources and support associated with the entrepreneurial paradigm as
well as carry its existing culture, mission, and strategy. Above all,
the university administration should continuously create organizational
munificence to encourage the internal actors to realign with the
missions of universities (Andrews & Johansen, 2012; Smith, Mitchell, &
Summer, 1984; Tilcsik, 2014; Wu, 2008). Therefore, this paper argues
that the senior team (i.e., university administrators) have to provide
sufficient organizational munificence on pursuing research excellence
and commercialization, and it would influence that the departments
enhance and integrate KCO and KUO simultaneously. Thus:

> *Hypothesis 1：The degree of organizational munificence is positively
> associated with the development of Pasteurian orientation at
> university departments.*
>
> *Hypothesis 1a：The degree of organizational munificence is positively
> associated with the sustainment of knowledge creation orientation at
> university departments.*
>
> *Hypothesis 1b：The degree of organizational munificence is positively
> associated with the development of knowledge utilization orientation
> at university departments.*

Furthermore, Clark (1998) suggests that "universities need to become
*quicker*, more adaptive and especially more focused in reactions to
expanding and changing demands." Moreover, Clark (2004) argues that
"universities need to develop flexible and adaptive capabilities that
permit them to weave together new and old, change and continuity, in a
sustainable form." Various policies, such as the enhancement of
university-industry collaboration and the establishment of academic
spin-offs, have been widely instituted in universities (Perkmann et al.,
2013; Shane, 2004). Also, universities are adjusting their
infrastructures to establish new units such as technology transfer
offices, technology liaison offices, and university-affiliated
incubators to support research commercialization (Etzkowitz, 2003;
Landry, Amara, & Rherrad, 2006). *Organizational flexibility* can be
seen as the outcome of an interaction between the responsiveness of the
organizational design and the managerial task (Volberda, 1996). Smith
and Tushman (2005) argue that organizational flexibility as an
integrating capability involves shifting levels of analysis to identify
potential linkage. Therefore, this study argues that these political and
infrastructure reforms provide the university department with more
organizational flexibility to promote KUO and KCO simultaneously. Thus:

> *Hypothesis 2：The degree of organizational flexibility is positively
> associated with the development of Pasteurian orientation at
> university departments.*
>
> *Hypothesis 2a：The degree of organizational flexibility is positively
> associated with the sustainment of knowledge creation orientation at
> university departments.*
>
> *Hypothesis 2b：The degree of organizational flexibility is positively
> associated with the development of knowledge utilization orientation
> at university departments.*

**2.4 Pasteurian orientation and departmental collective efficacy**

Since Stokes (1997) proposed Pasteur's quadrant and the concept of
use-inspired basic research, it suggests a new direction in which the
integration of knowledge creation and knowledge utilization could create
the societal and scientific values in a research agenda. Stokes (1997)
exampled Louis Pasteur had promoted fundamental knowledge of
microbiology and commercialized the knowledge into practice using for
fermentation technology. It means that knowledge creation and knowledge
utilization are not conflict but complement, and knowledge creation are
the predominant of knowledge utilization (Etzkowitz, 1983; Shibayama,
2012). In developing Pasteurian orientation, the universities do not
intend to compete or replace the role of industry sectors in
technological development but facilitate the innovation with the
advanced knowledge which delivers from scientific research (Etzkowitz,
1983, 2017). Moreover, Glenna et al. (2011) also consider that the
scientific foundations and advancement of industrial technologies are
likely to decline when the universities have not sufficient investment
in pursuing research excellence. Therefore, this paper argues that
university departments have to sustain the commitment to knowledge
creation, then they may have an active development of knowledge
utilization. Thus:

> *Hypothesis 3：The knowledge creation orientation of university
> departments has a positive influence on their development of knowledge
> utilization orientation.*

However, developing entrepreneurial university does not only creates a
new organizational arrangement, or ambidextrous/hybrid organizations
(Ambos et al., 2008; Etzkowitz, 2017; Guerrero & Urbano, 2012) but also
promotes the self-efficacy on the new paradigm (Bouncken, 2018). As the
focal unit in universities, self-efficacy on the new paradigm of
university departments have strong peer influence on faculty members'
decisions and behavior (Aschhoff & Grimpe, 2014; Jain et al., 2009) as
departmental collective efficacy(Stajkovic, Lee, & Nyberg, 2009; Watson,
Chemers, & Preiser, 2001). The collective efficacy represents the
self-efficacy at the group level, which is defined as a group's shared
belief in its conjoint capabilities to organize and execute the actions
required to produce given levels of attainments (Bandura, 1997, 2000). A
high degree of collective efficacy represents an organization has
functional organizational readiness, which could internalize new
organizational practices into the routines to pursue the goals of the
organization when the organization is transforming (Bandura, 2000;
Barrick, Thurgood, Smith, & Courtright, 2015; Holt & Vardaman, 2013).
University departments develop PO organizational propensity, which
combined knowledge creation orientation (KCO) and knowledge utilization
orientation (KUO), represents they try to develop the new organizational
practices by reshipment to the paradigm of the entrepreneurial
universities(Leih & Teece, 2016). Moreover, departmental collective
efficacy demonstrates that the members collectively judge the
effectiveness of organizational transformation to pursue research
excellence and research commercialization in the department. By the
development of PO, strong organizational support, and faculty engagement
on both knowledge creation and commercialization could conjointly
enhance departmental collective efficacy with a favor departmental
practices in the implementation of entrepreneurial universities. Thus:

> *Hypothesis 4： University departments with a higher propensity of PO
> are associated with higher level of departmental collective efficacy.*
>
> *Hypothesis 4a：University departments have a knowledge creation
> orientation is associated with higher level of departmental collective
> efficacy.*
>
> *Hypothesis 4b：University departments have a higher knowledge
> utilization orientation is associated with higher level of
> departmental collective efficacy.*

**2.5 Mediating Effect of Pasteurian orientation**

Prior studies have argued that contextual antecedents can resolve the
internal tensions, as well as the simultaneous capabilities for
knowledge creation and knowledge utilization (Ambos et al., 2008). This
study argues that organizational munificence builds the environmental
capacity to sustain existed and new university missions, and
*organizational flexibility* creates multiple choices for university
missions, which thereby encourages cross-functional coordination and
integration between knowledge creation and knowledge utilization.
Therefore, these antecedents could enhance the efficacy in the
organization, which has sufficient capabilities to develop the paradigm
of entrepreneurial universities(Etzkowitz, 2003). However, Gibb et al.
(2013) argue that universities are pluralistic organizations with
different departments having very different organizational routines,
orientations, and values. So, in the absence of departmental initiative,
formal institutional contexts and flexibility may not sufficient to
inspire the capacity and motivation for departments to take up
challenges in organizational adjustment for the transition of
entrepreneurial universities. Rasmussen, Mosey, and Wright (2014) also
think that university departments also need to evolve their competencies
to develop new organizational structures, routines, supports, and
encourage and motive the members to engage in new practices. The concept
of PO is meant to maintain multiple competencies that address the
ambidextrous organization (Etzkowitz, 2003; Gibson & Birkinshaw, 2004;
Tushman & O\'Reilly, 1996). Therefore, university departments have to
develop the PO as the organizational capabilities for creating their
organizational practices, and the departments could employ the
capabilities to promote departmental collective efficacy in the new
university paradigm. Thus:

> *Hypothesis 5a： Pasteurian orientation mediates the relationship
> between organizational munificence and departmental collective
> efficacy.*
>
> *Hypothesis 5b： Pasteurian orientation mediates the relationship
> between organizational flexibility and Departmental collective
> efficacy.*
>
> This study depicts the research framework and the corresponding
> hypotheses in Figure 3.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Figure 3 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**3. Methods**

**3.1 The Taiwanese institutional context**

Inspired by the U.S. *Bayh-Dole Act* of 1980, Taiwan enacted the
*Science and Technology Basic Law* in 1999. Specifically, Article 6
allows universities to claim the ownership of IPRs derived from
government-funded research and to remove the restrictions allowing a
more decentralized licensing policy. Similarly, Taiwanese universities
have increased the number of patent grants and licensing income, and
universities are encouraged to develop research partnerships with
industry (Chang et al., 2008).

The list of top ten universities in domestic patent grants are shown in
Table 1. The primary participants in generating patent grants are public
universities, and there is also a different pattern of the patent grant
between public and private universities. Public universities have
focused on 'utility' patents, whereas private universities, including
Far East University, and Southern Taiwan University of Science and
Technology, have focused on more non-utility patents that reflect their
natures and features of the inventions. The statistics show a
substantial increase in paper publication, patenting, licensing, and
venture incubation between 2006 and 2010 (see Table 2).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 1 Here

 \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 2 Here

** \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--**

**3.2 Questionnaire development**

There are three parts to the questionnaire. The first part concerns
contextual antecedents, organizational munificence, and organizational
flexibility, followed by the PO part and departmental collective
efficacy part. The six items of organizational munificence focus on the
investigation of the munificent environment for resource, long-term
support and strategic objectives in entrepreneurial universities
(Bercovitz & Feldman, 2008; Clark, 2004; Landry et al., 2006) which are
perceived by the university departments and the three items of
organizational flexibility are referred from Volberda (1996). The 14
items of PO have adapted from Chang et al. (2009). The three items of
departmental collective efficacy are referred to as Riggs, Warka,
Babasa, Betancourt, and Hooker (1994). All of the survey items for
contextual antecedents, PO, and Departmental collective efficacy used a
7-point Likert-scale.

**3.3 Sampling and Respondents**

Sampling criteria of this study focused on university departments of
science, engineering, and medical research since they have a higher
potential to commercialize their research results. In contrast to formal
activities (i.e., patents, licensing, or spin-offs), the faculty members
from social science and the humanities were excluded from the survey
because informal activities (i.e., consultancy, training programs) are
particularly preferred in these disciplines (Abreu and Grinevich, 2013).

Considering the differentiated attributes of organizational contexts and
comply with the PO, six universities were chosen to represent different
forms of universities. One medical and three generals in four public
ones (Universities A, B, C & D), one private and general university
(University E), and one private and technical university (University F).
Finally, the original survey list of 29 schools and 172 departments
within these universities was collected from their websites.

The data were collected from administrators and faculty members who
serve for the same department to assess department-level
characteristics. In line with multilevel theory, our model consists of
"shared unit-level constructs" that we presumed to be shared within a
department (Klein & Koslowski, 2000: 41). Moreover, to avoid the common
method variance (CMV) problem, this paper adopted the following
questionnaire design. First, the contextual antecedents are answered by
the administrator(s) and reflect the departmental context. Second, the
construct of Pasteurian orientation (PO) is answered by all faculty
members for each department and then aggregated to represent
department-level PO. Specifically, we computed the multiplicative
interaction between KUO and KCO to reflect the theoretical concept of
the PO.

Moreover, the dimensions KUO and KCO are computed through the
multiplicative interaction between the o*rganizational support* and
*faculty engagement*. The compositions of KUO and KCO are based on the
prior studies that two mechanisms are non-substitutable and
interdependent. Finally, the dimension of departmental collective
efficacy is answered by all of the respondents for each department.

The paper built a complete survey list by referring to both university
websites and the Ministry of Science and Technology academic researcher
database. Overall, the total number of the sample in six universities
was 2,868 faculty members. This study also compared respondents with
non-respondents, in terms of position (χ^2^= .97, p= .629), age (χ^2^=
1.00, p= .484), and tenure (χ^2^= .82, p= .945) of respondents,
indicating non-response bias is minimal. After a three-round survey
collection, we obtained 711 returned questionnaires, an overall 26%
response rate. To meet the analysis criteria, we required that at least
one administrator and four faculty members compose a valid sample of the
department. Finally, there were 634 valid questionnaires, representing
27 schools and 99 departments. Table 3 provides a brief breakdown of the
respondents.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 3 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Specifically, the respondents include 157 department administrators and
477 non-administrative faculty members. Some departments have more than
one administrator answered the questionnaires, such as administrative
head, chairs of departments or institutes, and directors of
administrative offices. Overall, there are 70 departments with only one
administrator who answered the survey. The average number of
administrators replies per department is 2.20. The answers of all
administrators in the same department were averaged to represent the
status of the department. Moreover, there are 368 male respondents (83%
of the respondents). There were 342 full professors (54%), 139 associate
professors (22%), and 133 assistant professors (21%). The working years
for the respondents are 13.6 years on average. Moreover, there are
393respondents (62%) who had already received tenures as faculty
members.

**3.4 Measurements**

**3.4.1 Departmental collective efficacy**

To measure departmental collective efficacy, we collected the subjective
measures over the three years (2007-2009). The survey asked the
respondents to 'assess your department/institute's capabilities and
practices on pursuing research excellence/research commercialization
over the past three years compared to other equivalent departments.'
Three original items loaded on a single factor having an eigenvalue of
1.048 (α = .75) (see Appendix 1).

**3.4.2 Pasteurian orientation**

PO is a two-dimension construct comprised of KUO and KCO. It is worth
noting that all faculty members in each department perceive the PO
construct. We measured knowledge creation orientation by asking faculty
members to indicate the degree to which they agree with the statements.
Specifically, there are four items loaded on a single factor having an
eigenvalue of 1.568 (α = .77). We refer to this factor as
o*rganizational support for knowledge creation*. Also, there are three
items loaded on a single factor having an eigenvalue of 1.192 (α =.77).
We referred to this factor as *faculty engagement in knowledge
creation*. Moreover, we computed the multiplicative interaction between
the above knowledge creation dimensions as the k*nowledge creation
orientation* (KCO) at departments.

Similarly, we measured knowledge utilization orientation by asking
faculty members to indicate the degree to which they agree with the
statements. There are four items loaded on a single factor having an
eigenvalue of 7.084 (α = .97). We referred to this factor as
o*rganizational* s*upport for knowledge utilization*. Also, three items
load on a single factor having an eigenvalue of 1.048 (α =.75). We
referred to this factor as *faculty engagement in knowledge
utilization*. We computed multiplicative interaction between the above
knowledge utilization dimensions as *knowledge utilization orientation*
(KUO) at departments. Finally, we computed the perceived *PO* as the
multiplicative interaction between KCO and KUO (see Appendix 1).

3.  **Contextual antecedents**

The dimension of contextual antecedents has nine items that were
perceived by the department administrator(s). In organizational
munificence, to make question items more specific, three items addressed
to research excellence while the other three items addressed to research
commercialization. Three items of the organizational munificence to
research excellence are loaded onto a single factor having an eigenvalue
of 2.02 (α = .91) (Appendix 1). Three items of organizational
munificence to research commercialization are loaded onto a single
factor having an eigenvalue of 4.73 (α = .97) (Appendix 1). Then, we
aggregated the two factors as organizational munificence represented the
level of munificence for old and new missions in entrepreneurial
universities. Moreover, three items of organizational flexibility load
on a single factor had an eigenvalue of 3.035 (α =.93). Thus, we
retained this factor as *organizational flexibility* (see Appendix 1).

**3.4.4 Control variables**

This study employed four control variables to reflect the
characteristics of the departments. First, the ownership is measured by
the departments are from the public universities. Second, the size is
measured by the number of faculty members in a department. Then, we used
the macro-variables to represent the research attribute of the
departments. We created three "college" variables as the dummy variables
to represent the colleges whether the departments belonged to
Engineering, Science, Life Science, and Medical Colleges, respectively
(Ambos et al., 2008; D'Este & Perkmann, 2011).

**4. Results**

Table 4 reported the descriptive statistics for the variables. Among
these 99 departments, the average size of the departments is 21 faculty
members. There are 53 departments (54%) from engineering colleges,
followed by 13 departments (13%) from science colleges, 26 departments
(26%) from life science and medical colleges. The PO is significantly
and positively correlated with the departmental collective efficacy (β =
.560, p \< .001) as well as the two contextual antecedents,
organizational munificence (β = .260, p \< .01) and organizational
flexibility (β = .172, p \< .10).

With the control variables, the public university is negatively
correlated to organizational munificence (β = -.200, p \< .05), KUO (β =
-.459, p \< .001) and departmental collective efficacy (β = -.241, p \<
.05). Moreover, most are not significantly correlated to the department
size, except the departments in life and medicine colleges are
negatively correlated. However, the departments in engineering colleges
have shown positive and statistically significant relationships with PO
(β = .436, *p* \< .01) and departmental collective efficacy (β = .399,
*p* \< .01). The departments from science colleges are negatively
correlated with life and medicine colleges (*p* \< .05).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 4 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

This study tested the hypotheses using the ordinary least square (OLS)
regression. H1 predicted that the relationship between the
organizational munificence and PO, and it was also divided into H1a and
H1b for observing the influence of organizational munificence on the
development of KCO and KUO in university departments. As shown in Table
5, Model 2 and 5 indicated organizational munificence has significantly
positive impact on KCO (β = .251, *p* \< .05) and KUO (β = .175, *p* \<
.05) as well as PO in Model 7 (β = .216, *p* \< .05). H1 is fully
supported. Moreover, regarding H2, which also states the organizational
flexibility has a positive influence on the PO. Model 3, Model 6 and
Model 8 confirmed the organizational flexibility has positive
contribution on KCO (β = .237, *p* \< .05), KUO (β = .152, *p* \< .10),
and PO (β = .184, *p* \< .10). However, H2 is partially supported due to
the impact on the development of KUO and PO.

H3 stated that KCO is positively associated with departmental KUO. As
shown in Table 6, Model 9 confirmed the relationship with strong effect
(β = .605, *p* \< .001). Furthermore, H4 predicted that the development
of the PO would contribute to departmental collective efficacy. For
observing the sub-effects of KCO and KCO, we also divide the hypothesis
into H4, H4a, and H4b. As shown in Model 10, Model 11, and Model 12, It
confirmed that university departments develop KCO (β = .381, *p* \<
.001), KUO (β = .459, *p* \< .001), and PO (β = .459, *p* \< .001) could
positively enhance their collective efficacy. In other words, H4 is
fully supported. In the final, H5 attempted to verify the mediating
effect of PO on the between contextual antecedents and departmental
collective efficacy. Following the Baron and Kenny (1986), we examined
separately for the two antecedents as H5a and H5b. Through the results
of Model 13 and Model 14, it shown PO partially mediated the
relationship between organizational munificence (β = .177, *p* \< .05)
and departmental collective efficacy (β = .414, *p* \< .001). And, in
Model 15 and Model 16, it also shown PO fully mediated the between the
organizational flexibility (β = .081) and departmental collective
efficacy (β = .442, *p* \< .001) . H5a and H5b are supported, but it is
worthy to note that the balance of organizational munificence on
pursuing research excellence and research commercialization still has a
partial influence on departmental collective efficacy (Aldwin, 1994;
Baron & Kenny, 1986).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 5 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Insert Table 6 Here

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**5. Discussion**

By positioning the academic transition on organizational development for
the rise of entrepreneurial universities, this paper aimed to understand
an ambidextrous development in university departments (Etzkowitz, 2017).
The study proposed an organizational propensity, 'Pasteurian
orientation,' and examined its development and relationships between
university antecedents and departmental collective efficacy. First, the
findings suggest that the university munificence and flexibility are
critical determinants for facilitating the development of Pasteurian
orientation within departments. This study argues that organizational
munificence provides necessary legitimacy and support for the
subordinated departments to redefine their organizational practices
towards Pasteurian orientation (Powers & McDougall, 2005; Vanaelst et
al., 2006). Through a significant effect on knowledge creation and
knowledge utilization, this evidence confirms organizational munificence
has a secure connection with the engagement of university departments,
even has a direct effect on departmental collective efficacy
(Owen-smith, 2005; Perkmann et al., 2013). Furthermore, the result is
aligned with other organizational contexts that can facilitate or
transit to ambidextrous structures or Pasteurian orientation in
universities (Gibson & Birkinshaw, 2004), including shared vision,
common culture (O'Reilly & Tushman, 2008)and social integration (Jansen,
Tempelaar, van den Bosch, & Volberda, 2009) between the existing (e.g.
teaching and research) and the new missions (commercialization and
entrepreneurship). Moreover, there is significant evidence in line with
Clark\'s (2004)'s survey of the leading entrepreneurial universities,
which suggested that a more flexible and adaptable organization can
respond to environmental changes and encourage the development of
'entrepreneurial' universities. Jansen et al. (2009) also suggested that
cross-functional interfaces create a formal integration mechanism that
can respond to environmental changes. Furthermore, the result is
consistent with the arguments of past research that universities and
managers are more flexible and less bureaucratic, and create a
munificent environment for facilitating their organizational
ambidexterity or Pasteurian orientation (Andrews & Johansen, 2012;
Friedman & Silberman, 2003; Siegel, Waldman, & Link, 2003; Tilcsik,
2014; Tushman & O\'Reilly, 1996).

Second, this paper finds that knowledge creation orientation is
predominant in developing knowledge utilization orientation, and the two
orientations can be reconciled via the development of the PO. This
empirical finding is consistent with the argument that research
excellence and research commercialization are more complementary, rather
than contradictory, within entrepreneurial universities (Guerrero,
Urbano, Fayolle, Klofsten, & Mian, 2016; Sengupta & Ray, 2017).
University departments are suggested to sustain excellent research works
firstly, and they should create a hybrid context that allows the balance
of KUO and KCO. Specifically, university departments employ the PO to
create organizational norms, routines, and recognition for leading
faculty members engaging in the new university paradigm. (Ambos et al.,
2008; Bercovitz & Feldman, 2008; Chang et al., 2016). Our results
confirm that the PO has a robust association with departmental
collective efficacy.

Third, the PO acts as a mediator between contextual antecedents and
departmental collective efficacy. Etzkowitz (2003) considers that the
universities provide equivalent institutional spheres on pursuing
research excellence and research commercialization could function
effectively to coordinate the emergence of conflict of interests in
developing the new paradigm of entrepreneurial universities. Moreover,
the development of overlapping institutional spheres that encourages the
development of hybrid entities which they can reconcile seemingly
contradictory ideas and practices (Schildt & Perkmann, 2017; Tuunainen,
2005). In our findings, university departments with a high degree of PO
mean that they could harbor the "opposing" norms and orientations, and
they have the capabilities to reinterprets the legitimation of harmony
and mutual reinforcement from each goal. In other words, the
universities provide sufficient organizational munificence and shape a
flexible environment that could facilitate the departments to engage in
multiple missions. They need to develop the PO to coordinate knowledge
creation and knowledge utilization in the new paradigm of
entrepreneurial universities for better departmental collective
efficacy.

**6. Conclusion**

In the previous studies, it has indicated university departments are
essential and focal units which shape, lead, and demonstrate to the
behaviors of faculty members which is reflected on organizational
identity, norms, learning, and peer reference (Aschhoff & Grimpe, 2014;
Jain et al., 2009; Perkmann et al., 2013). Unlike previous studies
focusing on the analysis of institutional (i.e., the passage of
*Bayh-Dole Act*) or individual (i.e., faculty members) aspects, this
paper used organizational meso-level, university departments as the unit
of analysis and suggested their interplay of organizational layers in
stimulating the development of entrepreneurial universities.

This paper finds that organizational munificence and organizational
flexibility are critical organizational antecedents. The level of
organizational munificence would influence the university departments to
engage in the new paradigm, and equivalent support to differentiated
activities of the university's missions could keep a balancing act.
Moreover, a high degree of organizational flexibility could help
university departments quickly adopt new practices with no adverse
influence on existing ones, and it provide agility to align with the new
paradigm of entrepreneurial universities.

Moreover, the findings also indicated that the PO is a valuable
strategic perspective for departmental collective efficacy. The PO acts
as a mediator between contextual antecedents and departmental collective
efficacy, suggesting that the university contextual factors act only as
a *necessary condition* to promote departments engaging in the new
paradigm of universities. However, the development of the PO is a
*sufficient condition*. The paper concludes the concept of PO as highly
promising for reconciling the conflicts and balance between knowledge
creation and knowledge utilization in entrepreneurial universities.
Encouraging organizational contexts with a high level of organizational
munificence and flexibility that generates dual capabilities for
knowledge creation and knowledge utilization may be a critical source of
competitive advantage for creating entrepreneurial universities.

This paper advanced our understanding of organizational strategies and
structures to develop PO at university departments. First, this paper
integrates the Pasteur's quadrant framework and ambidexterity theory
into a strategic and organizational ability of PO. It also extends the
application of Pasteur's quadrant framework at the organization level.
Second, via the developed construct and measurement of PO, university
departments could compose, diagnose, and measure their PO. Third, this
paper confirms the organizational meso-mediation relation between
contextual factors, PO, and departmental collective efficacy.

Some policy and managerial implications are suggested as follows. The
nature of universities is characterized to be bureaucratic organizations
that stress the institutionalization (Clark, 1998), and the resource
endowments would determine the paths to organizational development
(Siegel & Wright, 2015). However, the universities also have high
autonomy and self-organizing system (Martin, 2012). For building the
paradigm of entrepreneurial universities, university administrators
should create a munificent environment and provide a high degree of
flexibility to encourage departments to reshape organizational
practices. Moreover, to maintain strategic and structural balances
between old and new missions, and knowledge creation and knowledge
utilization tasks are never easy. It is necessary to develop the right
degree of integration and coordination among the administrative team,
colleges, and departments in order to maintain the right balance and a
coherent action plan. For developing the PO at departments, departmental
heads may use the proposed construct and measurement to diagnose or
build up their departments' norms, routines, support, and engagement
towards PO.

**References**

Aldwin, C. M. 1994. ***Stress, Coping, and Development: An Integrative
Perspective***. New York: Guilford Press.Ambos, T. C., Mäkelä, K.,
Birkinshaw, J., & D\'Este, P. 2008. When Does University Research Get
Commercialized? Creating Ambidexterity in Research Institutions.
***Journal of Management Studies***, 45(8): 1424-1447.Andrews, R., &
Johansen, M. 2012. Organizational environments and performance: A linear
or nonlinear relationship? ***Public Organization Review***, 12(2):
175-189.Aschhoff, B., & Grimpe, C. 2014. Contemporaneous peer effects,
career age and the industry involvement of academics in biotechnology.
***Research Policy***, 43(2): 367-381.Bandura, A. 1997.
***Self-efficacy: The exercise of control***: Macmillan.Bandura, A.
2000. Exercise of Human Agency Through Collective Efficacy. ***Current
Directions in Psychological Science***, 9(3): 75-78.Baron, R. M., &
Kenny, D. A. 1986. The moderator--mediator variable distinction in
social psychological research: Conceptual, strategic, and statistical
considerations. ***Journal of personality and social psychology***,
51(6): 1173.Barrick, M. R., Thurgood, G. R., Smith, T. A., & Courtright,
S. H. 2015. Collective organizational engagement: Linking motivational
antecedents, strategic implementation, and firm performance. ***Academy
of Management journal***, 58(1): 111-135.Bercovitz, J., & Feldman, M.
2008. Academic Entrepreneurs: Organizational Change at the Individual
Level. ***Organization Science***, 19(1): 69.Bouncken, R. B. 2018.
University coworking-spaces: Mechanisms, examples, and suggestions for
entrepreneurial universities. ***International Journal of Technology
Management***, 77(1-3): 38-56.Boyne, G. A., & Meier, K. J. 2009.
Environmental turbulence, organizational stability, and public service
performance. ***Administration & Society***, 40(8): 799-824.Chang,
Y.-C., Yang, P. Y., & Chen, M.-H. 2009. The determinants of academic
research commercial performance: Towards an organizational ambidexterity
perspective. ***Research Policy***, 38(6): 936-946.Chang, Y.-C., Yang,
P. Y., Martin, B. R., Chi, H.-R., & Tsai-Lin, T.-F. 2016.
Entrepreneurial universities and research ambidexterity: A multilevel
analysis. ***Technovation***, 54: 7-21.Clark, B. R. 1998. ***Creating
Entrepreneurial Universities: Organizational Pathways of Transformation.
Issues in Higher Education***: ERIC.Clark, B. R. 2004. ***Sustaining
Change In Universities***: McGraw-Hill Education.D'Este, P., & Patel, P.
2007. University--industry linkages in the UK: What are the factors
underlying the variety of interactions with industry? ***Research
Policy***, 36(9): 1295-1313.D'Este, P., & Perkmann, M. 2011. Why do
academics engage with industry? The entrepreneurial university and
individual motivations. ***The Journal of Technology Transfer***, 36(3):
316-339.Datta, A., Mukherjee, D., & Jessup, L. 2015. Understanding
commercialization of technological innovation: taking stock and moving
forward. ***R&D Management***, 45(3): 215-249.Dess, G. G., & Beard, D.
W. 1984. Dimensions of organizational task environments.
***Administrative science quarterly***: 52-73.Etzkowitz, H. 1983.
Entrepreneurial scientists and entrepreneurial universities in American
academic science. ***Minerva***, 21(2-3): 198-233.Etzkowitz, H. 1998.
The norms of entrepreneurial science: cognitive effects of the new
university--industry linkages. ***Research Policy***, 27(8):
823-833.Etzkowitz, H. 2003. Research groups as 'quasi-firms': the
invention of the entrepreneurial university. ***Research policy***,
32(1): 109-121.Etzkowitz, H. 2017. Innovation Lodestar: The
entrepreneurial university in a stellar knowledge firmament.
***Technological Forecasting and Social Change***, 123:
122-129.Etzkowitz, H., & Leydesdorff, L. 2000. The dynamics of
innovation: from National Systems and "Mode 2" to a Triple Helix of
university--industry--government relations. ***Research Policy***,
29(2): 109-123.Friedman, J., & Silberman, J. 2003. University Technology
Transfer: Do Incentives, Management, and Location Matter? ***The Journal
of Technology Transfer***, 28(1): 17-30.Gibb, A., Haskins, G., &
Robertson, I. 2013. Leading the Entrepreneurial University: Meeting the
Entrepreneurial Development Needs of Higher Education Institutions. In
A. Altmann, & B. Ebersberger (Eds.), ***Universities in Change***: 9-45.
New York, NY: Springer New York.Gibson, C. B., & Birkinshaw, J. 2004.
The antecedents, consequences, and mediating role of organizational
ambidexterity. ***Academy of management Journal***, 47(2):
209-226.Glenna, L. L., Welsh, R., Ervin, D., Lacy, W. B., & Biscotti, D.
2011. Commercial science, scientists' values, and university
biotechnology research agendas. ***Research Policy***, 40(7):
957-968.Goll, I., & Rasheed, A. A. 2005. The relationships between top
management demographic characteristics, rational decision making,
environmental munificence, and firm performance. ***Organization
studies***, 26(7): 999-1023.Guerrero, M., & Urbano, D. 2012. The
development of an entrepreneurial university. ***The journal of
technology transfer***, 37(1): 43-74.Guerrero, M., Urbano, D., Fayolle,
A., Klofsten, M., & Mian, S. 2016. Entrepreneurial universities:
emerging models in the new social and economic landscape. ***Small
Business Economics***, 47(3): 551-563.Gustafsson, R., & Autio, E. 2011.
A failure trichotomy in knowledge exploration and exploitation.
***Research Policy***, 40(6): 819-831.Haas, M. R., & Park, S. 2010. To
share or not to share? Professional norms, reference groups, and
information withholding among life scientists. ***Organization
Science***, 21(4): 873-891.Haveman, H. A. 1993. Organizational size and
change: Diversification in the savings and loan industry after
deregulation. ***Administrative Science Quarterly***: 20-50.He, Z.-L., &
Wong, P.-K. 2004. Exploration vs. Exploitation: An Empirical Test of the
Ambidexterity Hypothesis. ***Organization Science***, 15(4):
481-494.Holt, D. T., & Vardaman, J. M. 2013. Toward a comprehensive
understanding of readiness for change: The case for an expanded
conceptualization. ***Journal of Change Management***, 13(1): 9-18.Jain,
S., George, G., & Maltarich, M. 2009. Academics or entrepreneurs?
Investigating role identity modification of university scientists
involved in commercialization activity. ***Research Policy***, 38(6):
922-935.Jansen, J. J. P., Tempelaar, M. P., van den Bosch, F. A. J., &
Volberda, H. W. 2009. Structural Differentiation and Ambidexterity: The
Mediating Role of Integration Mechanisms. ***Organization Science***,
20(4): 797-811.Kalar, B., & Antoncic, B. 2015. The entrepreneurial
university, academic activities and technology and knowledge transfer in
four European countries. ***Technovation***, 36--37(0): 1-11.Keats, B.
W., & Hitt, M. A. 1988. A causal model of linkages among environmental
dimensions, macro organizational characteristics, and performance.
***Academy of management journal***, 31(3): 570-598.Klofsten, M.,
Fayolle, A., Guerrero, M., Mian, S., Urbano, D., & Wright, M. 2019. The
entrepreneurial university as driver for economic growth and social
change - Key strategic challenges. ***Technological Forecasting and
Social Change***, 141: 149-158.Landry, R., Amara, N., & Rherrad, I.
2006. Why are some university researchers more likely to create
spin-offs than others? Evidence from Canadian universities. ***Research
Policy***, 35(10): 1599-1615.Lavie, D., Stettner, U., & Tushman, M. L.
2010. Exploration and Exploitation Within and Across Organizations.
***The Academy of Management Annals***, 4(1): 109-155.Leih, S., & Teece,
D. 2016. CAMPUS LEADERSHIP AND THE ENTREPRENEURIAL UNIVERSITY: A DYNAMIC
CAPABILITIES PERSPECTIVE. ***Academy of Management Perspectives***,
30(2): 182-210.Martin, B. R. 2012. Are universities and university
research under threat? Towards an evolutionary model of university
speciation. ***Cambridge Journal of Economics***, 36(3): 543-565.Merton,
R. K. 1968. The Matthew effect in science. ***Science***, 159(3810):
56-63.Nelson, R. R. 2004. The market economy, and the scientific
commons. ***Research Policy***, 33(3): 455-471.O'Reilly, C. A., &
Tushman, M. L. 2008. Ambidexterity as a dynamic capability: Resolving
the innovator\'s dilemma. ***Research in organizational behavior***, 28:
185-206.Owen-smith, J. 2005. Trends and transitions in the institutional
environment for public and private science. ***Higher Education***,
49(1-2): 91-117.Partha, D., & David, P. A. 1994. Toward a new economics
of science. ***Research Policy***, 23(5): 487-521.Perkmann, M., Tartari,
V., McKelvey, M., Autio, E., Broström, A., D'Este, P., Fini, R., Geuna,
A., Grimaldi, R., Hughes, A., Krabel, S., Kitson, M., Llerena, P.,
Lissoni, F., Salter, A., & Sobrero, M. 2013. Academic engagement and
commercialisation: A review of the literature on university--industry
relations. ***Research Policy***, 42(2): 423-442.Philpott, K., Dooley,
L., O\'Reilly, C., & Lupton, G. 2011. The entrepreneurial university:
Examining the underlying academic tensions. ***Technovation***, 31(4):
161-170.Powers, J. B., & McDougall, P. P. 2005. University start-up
formation and technology licensing with firms that go public: a
resource-based view of academic entrepreneurship. ***Journal of Business
Venturing***, 20(3): 291-311.Raisch, S., & Birkinshaw, J. 2008.
Organizational ambidexterity: Antecedents, outcomes, and moderators.
***Journal of Management***, 34(3): 375-409.Rasmussen, E., Mosey, S., &
Wright, M. 2014. The influence of university departments on the
evolution of entrepreneurial competencies in spin-off ventures.
***Research Policy***, 43(1): 92-106.Riggs, M. L., Warka, J., Babasa,
B., Betancourt, R., & Hooker, S. 1994. Development and validation of
self-efficacy and outcome expectancy scales for job-related
applications. ***Educational and psychological measurement***, 54(3):
793-802.Sauermann, H., & Stephan, P. 2013. Conflicting Logics? A
Multidimensional View of Industrial and Academic Science.
***Organization Science***, 24(3): 889-909.Schildt, H., & Perkmann, M.
2017. Organizational Settlements:Theorizing How Organizations Respond to
Institutional Complexity. ***Journal of Management Inquiry***, 26(2):
139-145.Sengupta, A., & Ray, A. S. 2017. University research and
knowledge transfer: A dynamic view of ambidexterity in british
universities. ***Research Policy***, 46(5): 881-897.Shane, S. 2004.
***Academic entrepreneurship: university spinoffs and wealth
creation***. Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar.Shibayama, S. 2012. Conflict
between entrepreneurship and open science, and the transition of
scientific norms. ***The Journal of Technology Transfer***, 37(4):
508-531.Siegel, D. S., Waldman, D., & Link, A. 2003. Assessing the
impact of organizational practices on the relative productivity of
university technology transfer offices: an exploratory study.
***Research Policy***, 32(1): 27-48.Siegel, D. S., & Wright, M. 2015.
Academic Entrepreneurship: Time for a Rethink? ***British Journal of
Management***, 26(4): 582-595.Smith, K. G., Mitchell, T. R., & Summer,
C. E. 1984. ***The Relationship Between Stages of Organizational
Development and Strategic Decision Priorities: A Dual Methodological
Investigation***. Paper presented at the Academy of Management
Proceedings.Smith, W. K., & Tushman, M. L. 2005. Managing Strategic
Contradictions: A Top Management Model for Managing Innovation Streams.
***Organization Science***, 16(5): 522-536.Stajkovic, A. D., Lee, D., &
Nyberg, A. J. 2009. Collective efficacy, group potency, and group
performance: Meta-analyses of their relationships, and test of a
mediation model. ***Journal of applied psychology***, 94(3):
814-828.Stankiewicz, R. 1986. ***Academics and entrepreneurs: developing
university-industry relations***. London, UK: St. Martin\'s
Press.Stokes, D. E. 1997. ***Pasteur\'s quadrant: basic science and
technological innovation***. Washington,D.C.: Brookings Institution
Press.Tilcsik, A. 2014. Imprint--environment fit and performance: How
organizational munificence at the time of hire affects subsequent job
performance. ***Administrative Science Quarterly***, 59(4):
639-668.Tushman, M. L., & O\'Reilly, C. A. 1996. Ambidextrous
organizations: managing evolutionary and revolutionary change.
***California management review***, 38(4): 8-30.Tuunainen, J. 2005.
Hybrid practices? Contributions to the debate on the mutation of science
and university. ***Higher Education***, 50(2): 275-298.Van Looy, B.,
Landoni, P., Callaert, J., Van Pottelsberghe, B., Sapsalis, E., &
Debackere, K. 2011. Entrepreneurial effectiveness of European
universities: An empirical assessment of antecedents and trade-offs.
***Research Policy***, 40(4): 553-564.Vanaelst, I., Clarysse, B.,
Wright, M., Lockett, A., Moray, N., & S\'Jegers, R. 2006.
Entrepreneurial Team Development in Academic Spinouts: An Examination of
Team Heterogeneity. ***Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice***, 30(2):
249-271.Volberda, H. W. 1996. Toward the flexible form: how to remain
vital in hypercompetitive environments. ***Organization Science***,
7(4): 359-374.Watson, C. B., Chemers, M. M., & Preiser, N. 2001.
Collective Efficacy: A Multilevel Analysis. ***Personality and Social
Psychology Bulletin***, 27(8): 1057-1068.Wu, H.-L. 2008. When does
internal governance make firms innovative? ***Journal of Business
Research***, 61(2): 141-153.

![](media/image1.emf){width="3.21875in" height="3.2604166666666665in"}

**Figure 1 Quadrant Model of Scientific Research**

Source: Adapted from Stokes (1997)

![](media/image2.png){width="4.604166666666667in"
height="2.0097222222222224in"}\
**Figure 2 Decomposition of Pasteurian orientation**

**Figure 3 Pasteurian Orientation: Antecedents, Mediation and Collective
Efficacy**

**\
**

**Table 1 Top Ten Universities in Patent Grants (2004\~2009)**

  **Rank**   **University**                                         **Utility Patent**   **Design Patent**   **Total Patent**
  ---------- ------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ------------------- ------------------
  1          Far East University                                    117                  848                 965
  2          National Cheng Kung University                         283                  31                  314
  3          National Chiao Tung University                         272                  3                   275
  4          Southern Taiwan University of Science and Technology   49                   194                 243
  5          National Taiwan University                             221                  19                  240
  6          National Sun Yat-Sen University                        213                  5                   218
  7          National Chung Hsing University                        183                  6                   189
  8          National Formosa University                            177                  11                  188
  9          National Tsing Hua University                          178                  4                   182
  10         National Central University                            163                  4                   167

Source: Lo (2010)

**Table 2 Universities' Publication and Research Commercialization
Performance (2006-2010)**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **Item**    | **Papers    | **Patent    | **Licensing | **Venture   |
|             | published** | grants**    | income**    | incubation* |
| **Year**    |             |             |             | *           |
|             | **(SCI      |             |             |             |
|             | journals)** |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2006        | 17,963      | 933         | NT\$215.0   | 446         |
|             |             |             | mil.        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2007        | 18,746      | 975         | NT\$277.7   | 633         |
|             |             |             | mil.        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2008        | 22,636      | 752         | NT\$456.2   | 712         |
|             |             |             | mil.        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2009        | 24,315      | 946         | NT\$474.0   | 840         |
|             |             |             | mil.        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2010        | 23,715      | 1,192       | NT\$676.3   | 1,066       |
|             |             |             | mil.        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Source: Lo (2010) and Chen (2011)

**\
**

**Table 3 Characteristics of the Universities and Respondents**

+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| **Univ | **Owne | **Type | **No.  | **No.  | **Tota | **Non- | **Admi |
| ersity | rship* | **     | of**   | of     | l      | admini | nistra |
| **     | *      |        |        | depart | respon | strati | tor**  |
|        |        |        | **scho | ments* | dents* | ve     |        |
|        |        |        | ols**  | *      | *      | facult |        |
|        |        |        |        |        |        | y**    |        |
+========+========+========+========+========+========+========+========+
| A      | Public | Genera | 8      | 42     | 256    | 214    | 42     |
|        |        | l      |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| B      | Public | Genera | 5      | 19     | 114    | 84     | 30     |
|        |        | l      |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| C      | Public | Genera | 5      | 9      | 66     | 46     | 20     |
|        |        | l      |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| D      | Public | Medica | 4      | 9      | 63     | 41     | 22     |
|        |        | l      |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| E      | Privat | Genera | 3      | 12     | 81     | 62     | 19     |
|        | e      | l      |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| F      | Privat | Techni | 2      | 8      | 54     | 30     | 24     |
|        | e      | cal    |        |        |        |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| Total  |        |        | 72     | 99     | 634    | 477    | 157    |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+

**Table 4 Means, Standard Deviations, and Correlations^a^**

  **Variables**                           **Mean**   **S.D.**   **1**         **2**         **3**         **4**     **5**       **6**        **7**    **8**        **9**        **10**
  --------------------------------------- ---------- ---------- ------------- ------------- ------------- --------- ----------- ------------ -------- ------------ ------------ ------------
  1\. Public university                   .80        .40                                                                                                                        
  2\. Departmental size                   21.61      12.28      .116                                                                                                            
  3\. Engineer college                    .54        .50        -.317\*\*     .217\*                                                                                            
  4\. Science college                     .13        .34        -.028         0.196         -.417\*\*\*                                                                         
  5\. Life Sci. and Med. college          .26        .44        .300\*\*      -.403\*\*\*   -.641\*\*\*   -.232\*                                                               
  6\. Organizational munificence          30.67      5.10       -.200\*       -0.053        0.084         0.015     0.083                                                       
  7\. Organizational flexibility          13.45      3.91       -.149         -0.193        -0.062        -0.079    .284\*\*    .737\*\*\*                                      
  8\. Knowledge creation                  35.81      3.37       -.184         -0.009        .204\*        -0.066    -0.088      .288\*\*     .241\*                             
  9\. Knowledge utilization               28.10      4.37       -.459\*\*\*   0.018         .530\*\*\*    -.246\*   -.306\*\*   .260\*\*     0.172+   .714\*\*\*                
  10\. Pasteurian orientation ^b^         1016.54    234.46     -.387\*\*\*   0.006         .436\*\*\*    -0.195    -.239\*     .288\*\*     .202\*   .875\*\*\*   .960\*\*\*   
  11\. Departmental collective efficacy   14.57      1.87       -.241\*       -0.054        .399\*\*\*    -0.123    -0.112      .383\*\*\*   .237\*   .484\*\*\*   .540\*\*\*   .560\*\*\*

^a^N = 99 departments.

^b^Pasteurian orientation is the multiplicative interaction of knowledge
creation orientation and knowledge utilization orientation.

\* *p*\< .05; \*\* *p*\< .01, \*\*\* *p*\< .001; two-tailed test

**Table 5 The relationship between organizational antecedents and the
development of Pasteurian orientation** ^a^

  ---------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------ ------------------------ --------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------- -------- ----------- -------- --------- -------- --------- --------
  **Independent Variables**    **Model 1**              **Model 2**              **Model 3**              **Model 4**                 **Model 5**                 **Model 6**                 **Model 7**                  **Model 8**                                                                                         
                               **Knowledge creation**   **Knowledge creation**   **Knowledge creation**   **Knowledge utilization**   **Knowledge utilization**   **Knowledge utilization**   **Pasteurian orientation**   **Pasteurian orientation**                                                                          
  Public university            -.130                    (.251)                   -.081                    (.251)                      -.081                       (.474)                      -.340\*\*\*                  (.000)                       -.306\*\*   (.001)   -.308\*\*   (.001)   -.247\*   (.014)   -.250\*   (.014)
  Departmental size            -.014                    (.903)                   -.017                    (.903)                      -.004                       (.974)                      -.001                        (.990)                       -.003       (.971)   .006        (.953)   -.008     (.938)   -.008     (.975)
  Engineer college             .329                     (.112)                   .191                     (.112)                      .242                        (.241)                      .439\*\*                     (.010)                       .383\*      (.048)   .383\*      (.025)   .297      (.113)   .348^+^   (.061)
  Science college              .113                     (.486)                   .019                     (.486)                      .061                        (.705)                      -.058                        (.661)                       -.091       (.357)   -.091       (.490)   -.083     (.565)   -.043     (.764)
  Life Sci. and Med. college   .182                     (.340)                   .035                     (.340)                      .037                        (.853)                      .063                         (.685)                       -.030       (.806)   -.030       (.853)   -.015     (.931)   -.002     (.992)
  Organizational munificence                                                     .251\*                   (.019)                                                                                                                                        .175\*      (.046)                        .216\*    (.046)             
  Organizational flexibility                                                                                                          .237\*                      (.030)                                                                                                     .152^+^     (.090)                      .184^+^   (.059)
  Δ*R^2^*                                               .054\*                   .047\*                                               .026\*                      .019^+^                     .040\*                       .028^+^                                                                                             
  *R^2^*                       .068                     .122                     .114                     .383                        .410                        .402                        .306                         .294                                                                                                
  Adjusted *R^2^*              .017                     .065                     .056                     .350                        .371                        .363                        .261                         .248                                                                                                
  *ANOVA F*                    1.347                    2.131^+^                 1.975^+^                 11.556\*\*\*                10.635\*\*\*                10.317\*\*\*                6.775\*\*\*                  6.400\*\*\*                                                                                         
  ---------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------ ------------------------ --------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------- -------- ----------- -------- --------- -------- --------- --------

^a^ For all models, N = 99. Standardized coefficients are shown.

^+^ *p* ≤ .1;\* *p* ≤ .05; \*\* *p* ≤ .01; \*\*\* *p* ≤ .001

**\
**

**Table 6 The relationship between the development of Pasteurian
orientation and Departmental collective efficacy** ^a^

  ---------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ------------ -------- ------------ -------- ------------ -------- ------------ --------
  **Independent Variables**    **Model 9**                 **Model 10**                           **Model 11**                           **Model 12**                           **Model 13**                           **Model 14**                           **Model 15**                           **Model 16**                                                                                                          
                               **Knowledge utilization**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**   **Departmental collective efficacy**                                                                                  
  Public university            -.261\*\*\*                 (.000)                                 -.046                                  (.610)                                 -.061                                  (.530)                                 .037                                   (.688)                                 -.044        (.648)   -.058        (.523)   -.062        (.536)   -.049        (.599)
  Departmental size            .007                        (.907)                                 -.090                                  (.327)                                 -.095                                  (.304)                                 -.093                                  (.303)                                 -.099        (.311)   -.096        (.282)   -.088        (.379)   -.090        (.322)
  Engineer college             .239\*                      (.038)                                 .792\*\*\*                             (.000)                                 .727\*\*\*                             (.000)                                 .727\*\*\*                             (.000)                                 .771\*\*\*   (.000)   .648\*\*\*   (.000)   .858\*\*\*   (.000)   .704\*\*\*   (.000)
  Science college              -.126                       (.157)                                 .363\*\*                               (.006)                                 .433\*\*                               (.001)                                 .407\*\*                               (.001)                                 .307\*       (.031)   .341\*\*     (.009)   .371\*       (.010)   .390\*\*     (.003)
  Life Sci. and Med. college   -.047                       (.651)                                 .490\*\*                               (.002)                                 .531\*\*                               (.001)                                 .409\*\*                               (.001)                                 .404\*       (.019)   .410\*\*     (.009)   .460\*       (.010)   .461\*\*     (.004)
  Organizational munificence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                .266\*\*     (.004)   .177\*       (.041)                                      
  Organizational flexibility                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            .163^+^      (.093)   .081         (.357)
  Knowledge creation           .605\*\*\*                  (.000)                                 .381\*\*\*                             (.000)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Knowledge utilization                                                                                                                                                         .459\*\*\*                             (.000)                                                                                                                                                                                              
  Pasteurian orientation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      .459\*\*\*                             (.000)                                                       .414\*\*\*   (.000)                         .442\*\*\*   (.000)
  Δ*R^2^*                      .341\*\*\*                  .135\*\*\*                             .130\*\*\*                             .154\*\*\*                             .061\*\*                               .119^\*\*\*^                           .022^+^                                .138^\*\*\*^                                                                                                          
  *R^2^*                       .725                        .417                                   .411                                   .436                                   .342                                   .461                                   .303                                   .441                                                                                                                  
  Adjusted *R^2^*              .707                        .379                                   .373                                   .399                                   .299                                   .420                                   .258                                   .398                                                                                                                  
  *ANOVA F*                    40.358\*\*\*                10.959^\*\*\*^                         10.711\*\*\*                           11.836\*\*\*                           7.982\*\*\*                            11.123\*\*\*                           6.674\*\*\*                            10.252\*\*\*                                                                                                          
  ---------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ------------ -------- ------------ -------- ------------ -------- ------------ --------

^a^ For all models, N = 99. Standardized coefficients are shown.

^+^ *p* ≤ .1;\* *p* ≤ .05; \*\* *p* ≤ .01; \*\*\* *p* ≤ .001

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| **Variables and items **          | **Factor loading**                |
+===================================+===================================+
| *Organizational munificence for   |                                   |
| research excellence               |                                   |
| (eigenvalues=2.022, α=.911)*      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  My university provides        | .889                              |
|     > sufficient resource for     |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > excellence.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  My university commits         | .885                              |
|     > long-term support for       |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > excellence.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  I perceived that university   | .821                              |
|     > administrators considered   |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > excellence is one of        |                                   |
|     > primary objectives in my    |                                   |
|     > university.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Organizational munificence for   |                                   |
| research                          |                                   |
| commercialization(eigenvalues=4.7 |                                   |
| 31,                               |                                   |
| α=.971)*                          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 4.  My university provides        | .926                              |
|     > sufficient resource for     |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > commercialization.          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 5.  My university commits         | .843                              |
|     > long-term support in        |                                   |
|     > pursuing commercialization. |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 6.  I perceived that university   | .857                              |
|     > administrators considered   |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > commercialization is one of |                                   |
|     > primary objectives in my    |                                   |
|     > university.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Organization flexibility         |                                   |
| (eigenvalues=3.035, α=.933)*      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  My university authorized my   | .829                              |
|     > department could frequently |                                   |
|     > set up cross-functional     |                                   |
|     > committees to reconfigure   |                                   |
|     > inappropriate regulations.  |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  My university authorized my   | .824                              |
|     > department could frequently |                                   |
|     > set up cross-functional     |                                   |
|     > committees to respond to    |                                   |
|     > ongoing external            |                                   |
|     > opportunities.              |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  My university authorized my   | .821                              |
|     > department could rapidly    |                                   |
|     > adjust the priority of      |                                   |
|     > goals.                      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Organizational support for       |                                   |
| Knowledge creation (              |                                   |
| eigenvalues=1.568, α=.773)*       |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  My department has provided    | .681                              |
|     > sufficient facilities for   |                                   |
|     > research.                   |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  My department is highly       | .645                              |
|     > regarded for receiving      |                                   |
|     > domestic and world research |                                   |
|     > excellence awards.          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  The director of my department | .790                              |
|     > has a high commitment to    |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > excellence.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 4.  My colleagues have a high     | .739                              |
|     > degree of consensus for     |                                   |
|     > pursuing research           |                                   |
|     > excellence.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Faculty engagement in knowledge  |                                   |
| creation (eigenvalues=1.192,      |                                   |
| α=.774)*                          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  I have devoted lots of time   | .725                              |
|     > to research excellence      |                                   |
|     > activities.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  I take charge of managing the | .817                              |
|     > research agenda and         |                                   |
|     > facilities in my lab.       |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  I frequently participate in   | .740                              |
|     > international conferences,  |                                   |
|     > seminars, and workshops     |                                   |
|     > related to my research      |                                   |
|     > agenda.                     |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Organizational support for       |                                   |
| knowledge utilization             |                                   |
| (eigenvalues=7.084, α=.965)*      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  My department has sufficient  | .903                              |
|     > incentives and supports and |                                   |
|     > for faculty to apply and    |                                   |
|     > protect intellectual        |                                   |
|     > property rights             |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  My department has provided    | .946                              |
|     > sufficient incentives and   |                                   |
|     > supports for faculty to     |                                   |
|     > engage in technology        |                                   |
|     > transfers                   |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  My department has provided    | .955                              |
|     > sufficient incentives and   |                                   |
|     > supports for faculty to     |                                   |
|     > engage in                   |                                   |
|     > university-industry         |                                   |
|     > collaborative research      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 4.  My department has provided    | .897                              |
|     > sufficient incentives and   |                                   |
|     > supports for faculty to     |                                   |
|     > engage in creating          |                                   |
|     > spin-offs                   |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Faculty engagement in knowledge  |                                   |
| utilization (eigenvalues=1.209,   |                                   |
| α=.880)*                          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  I have devoted lots of time   | .862                              |
|     > to research                 |                                   |
|     > commercialization           |                                   |
|     > activities.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  I frequently participate in   | .851                              |
|     > technical conferences,      |                                   |
|     > industry forums, commercial |                                   |
|     > exhibitions related to my   |                                   |
|     > research agenda.            |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  The industrial firms have     | .842                              |
|     > shown great interest in     |                                   |
|     > commercializing my research |                                   |
|     > and keep the contact.       |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| *Departmental collective efficacy |                                   |
| (eigenvalues=1.048, α=.750)*      |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 1.  Compared to equivalent        | .741                              |
|     > departments in other        |                                   |
|     > universities, my department |                                   |
|     > has excellent capabilities  |                                   |
|     > and organizational          |                                   |
|     > practices on the            |                                   |
|     > implementation of pursuing  |                                   |
|     > research excellence.        |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 2.  Compared to equivalent        | .655                              |
|     > departments in other        |                                   |
|     > universities, my department |                                   |
|     > has excellent capabilities  |                                   |
|     > and organizational          |                                   |
|     > practices on the            |                                   |
|     > implementation of pursuing  |                                   |
|     > research commercialization. |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| 3.  My colleagues are confident   | .728                              |
|     > that our department has     |                                   |
|     > sufficient abilities to     |                                   |
|     > achieve the missions of the |                                   |
|     > university.                 |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

**Appendix 1** **Items and Factor Analysis**
