１）試験代替レポート

ACADEMIC WRITING Ⅱ課題

100 words以下

次の文章は、

Andrew Armour, Keiko Kawachi, Takami Matsuda, William
Snellの共著,『アカデミック・ライティング応用編―文学・文化研究の英語論文作成法』の32ページに基づいている。本編は
1999年に慶應義塾大学出版会から刊行された。この内容を3-4行程度の英文に要約し、必要な箇所に出典を示す（注）を正確に付けなさい。

２）DeepL automatic translation of the above:

ACADEMIC WRITING II Test Replacement assignment:

Less than 100 words

The next sentence is

Based on 32 pages of Andrew Armour, Keiko Kawachi, Takami Matsuda, and
William Snell\'s book Academic Writing Applied: How to Write an English
Language Paper in Literature and Cultural Studies, published by Keio
University Press in 1999. This volume was published by Keio University
Press in 1999. Summarize the contents of this volume in 3-4 lines and
correctly indicate the source (note) where necessary.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)

3）The original passage in Japanese:

「文献を読んでノートを取ると言う段階は、論文作成の中で最も時間をかけるべき段階である。利用した文献が多ければそれだけ内容のある論文が作成できる可能性が高いことはいうまでもないが、それと同時に、様々な文献を読むことで論文の構想自体が具体化し、より洗練されたものになっていく。読んでノートを取る文献はすべてが論文に利用できるわけではない。最初はトピックを絞り込む意味でかなり広い範囲の文献を読み進めるが、論文の構成が徐々に具体的に見えてくるにつれて、自然により専門的な文献へと移行していくのが望ましいかたちである。」

４）DeepL automatic translation of the above passage into English：

The stage of reading the literature and taking notes is the stage of
thesis writing that should be the most time consuming. It goes without
saying that the more references you use, the more likely it is that you
will be able to produce a more substantial paper, but at the same time,
the idea of the paper itself will become more concrete and refined as
you read a variety of references. Not all of the literature that you
read and take notes on is available for your paper. It is desirable to
read a fairly wide range of literature at first in order to narrow down
the topic, but as the structure of the paper gradually becomes more
concrete, you will naturally move on to more specialized literature.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)

５）Mari's summary translation: Please check this passage.

Making notes of the literature is the most time-consuming but very
rewarding stage in thesis writing process. It is advisable to start with
extensive reading for narrowing down the research topics, then, as the
scheme of the paper becomes concrete and refined, gradually move on to
the more specialized reference materials. (Andrew Armour and others,
*Academic Writing Oyo-hen*: *Bungaku, Bunka-kenkyu no Eigo-ronbun
Sakusei-ho (Academic Writing Advanced Level: How to Write an English
Dissertation on Literature and Cultural Studies)*, (Keio University
Press, 1999), p.32)

The broad reference of literature (books, journals and researches) help
make the paper, ensures the profoundness of the paper, and makes the
plan into a more sophisticated thesis. (Even though not all the notes
can be used for the paper) In order to gradually realize the form of th,
The best way probably is to start reading wide-range literature,
extracting the knowledge and in the process of extracting the knowledge.
(Andrew Armour and others, Academic Writing 1999, p.32)

1\)

Making notes of the literature is the most time-consuming but rewarding
process in thesis writing. The broad reference of literature (books,
journals and researches ensures the profoundness of the paper, and makes
the plan into a more sophisticated thesis. (Even though not all the
notes can be used for the paper) In order to gradually realize the form
of th, The best way probably is to start reading wide-range literature,
extracting the knowledge and in the process of extracting the knowledge.
(Andrew Armour and others, Academic Writing 1999, p.32)

make the paper rich in content
